Fix unrecoverable state for request retries during token refresh (#1244)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python: CHANGELOG.md

- `Fixed` for any bug fixes.
- `Security` in case of vulnerabilities.

> ## [6.2.3] - 2023-06-06

Author: Likely 😉 
```suggestion
## [6.2.3] - 2023-06-07
```

> ## [6.2.3] - 2023-06-06
> ### Fixed
> - Requests being retried around a token refresh cycle, no longer gets stuck with an outdated token.

Author: ```suggestion
## [6.2.3] - 2023-06-07
### Fixed
- Requests being retried around a token refresh cycle, no longer risk getting stuck with an outdated token.
```
